introducing the mobile scope app for
compatible dynolite and Android devices
with mobile scope you can connect the
Dynalite USB microscope camera to
compatible Android phones or tablets to
inspect live and on the go
make Dynalite truly portable while
capturing images and video directly to a
tablet or smartphone this is a list of
confirmed compatible devices mobile
scope is easy to use connect to Dynalite
via USB or use an adapter for micro USB
devices find and download the mobile
scope app in the Google Play Store once
it's installed it's ready to use
with many features including full-screen
image and video capture
camera audio and other settings
mobile scope is great for many
applications including industrial
automotive mechanical manufacturing
PCB and I see
medical hair and scalp spa and beauty
Dermatology
forensics and law enforcement plants
education and research
archeology
geology
mineralogy
jewelry and diamonds
miss Maddocks collectibles and much more
mobile scope is an easy and practical
portable microscope solution for more
information visit us at
www.fortuigence.com